So when it comes to my knowledge, I will agree that I have worked. But you know, sometimes when you are in that state of paralysis or like, you know, self-doubt and or imposter syndrome sort of thing, right now I'm experiencing that. And genuinely some of the concepts, because I've been mostly involved with sort of system design and stuff like that, I haven't focused on the Java fundamentals. So now that I look at it again, and when I see I've primarily worked only on Java 8, 11, very rarely 17. But when I look at the newer code right now, and what they're asking me in terms of differences between the different Java versions and those older things that I've read long ago, like concrete HashMap versus HashMap, I know one is ThreadSafe and one is not ThreadSafe and stuff like that. But it all looks new to me right now. I don't know how to explain that. But how do I brush this up? If you ask me my workflow within TD, I can give you a full rundown of how I would receive events from a streaming service called Digital Event Streaming. And then these would be Kafka messages, which you receive in a specific format because you have schema registry, because you want all your data to be standardized within transmissions within your workspace, right? So different applications all use FSDM schema, which is called Fraud Structured Data Methods, or I don't know what the M stands for. But yeah, in that structure, you want all your data to be transmitted, hence you use schema registries for that. Then you have a Kafka listener in your intake layer. We have divided everything into three different swim lanes, I mean four different swim lanes. This is what I have done in TD, right? Like fraud detection, you receive events just relating to OTP received or OTP generated, OTP entered, or things like that. We have multiple other streams as well, like OTP voice recognition or wire transfers. If there's wire transfers, how do you detect fraud in these? So for all of these, we have Kafka events that we receive. We send them to different multiple intake services, like we have four different swim lanes. Reason is you have monetary transactions, you have non-monetary transactions, you have non-financial transactions like OTP generated. There is no finance involved here, or sorry, logged in. If you log in, there is no finance here. So non-monetary, non-financial, financial, we have divided it into different swim lanes. The intake service, basically what it does, it takes your message, consumes it via consumer record in the Kafka listener, and then it does a validation, quick validation of the format, the schema, what is missing, mandatory fields versus optional fields, throws any errors, logs a message, so on. And then if there is any data that is missing, it will call something called enrichment service within that, which abstracts with your data service layer. It will go ahead, which interfaces with your data service layer, sorry, it goes ahead and fetches any missing data like customer information file like KIF or your access card, any of these details to enrich the request and then send it to decisioning service. Decisioning service is what will interface with your FICO service layer. So FICO, we have two servers and we throttle, we do connection pooling, so that to ensure that your connection is not lost during important decisions that need to be made. So we send all this data in a particular format, which is FICO BOM, FICO Book of Methods, or Book of Memory, I don't know what the M stands for, but in that format, we send it to, in that format, we send it to FICO via a REST call, not Kafka stream. So when once you do that, you receive a request, sorry, you receive a response, which is either approved or declined, whatever it is, we take action on that. That's what the TD agent takes action on. However, in case you lose connection or there is out of memory exception or whatever problems you have in connecting with FICO, you will have retry mechanisms in my code. My code used to do retry three times back off. We had back off configurations there, we had a time delay multipliers between there. And we would call FICO if in case FICO is not reachable, we would send it to something called DSAP, which is nothing but sort of like a dead letter queue of all the failed messages. And these will be queued again via intake or sorry, via retry service, I think it was called response handler. So this is a complete stream of APIs that retry dead letter queue messages again to FICO. They see if there's anything missing, and so on. So this is my flow that I can talk to you about TD, I can describe the various types of data that we would receive we had in Kafka topics, you have your JSON Avro's, your JSON encrypted, your XML type format data that you receive sometimes, basically Kafka just sends everything in strings that you can register to a particular schema, right? So in that way, I am good. But when it comes to talking about Java, let's say, how would you thread pool? Have you used completable future? These kinds of questions, if you ask me, I might blank out. And DSA, I haven't done DSA in a long, long, long time. So it feels brand new to me. And that's why it's scary. And I want to start up from ground. I mean, maybe while I'm going through the concepts, I might be able to remember certain things, but more often than not, I think I might not be so good. So in that sense, I have already created a separate project. What is it called? Carrot City Prep. In this, I have listed down all the preparation material that was shared to me. I can add my resume in there. And I can transmit all the information that we've discussed in this chat so far over to that project space. That is already a Claude code project. And I have generated topics and material in there, okay, for me to study and go over. This is purely theoretical. Now for DSA, I need to set up a different project space or I have to have a different plan. But perhaps for this Carrot City Prep project, you can go ahead, modify the material and or give me a different strategy on how I can prepare for this. The material that is generated right now is very high level. I think the expectation that I had set for myself was I will generate the material, go over it. If I'm not able to find something that is relatable to me, then I will ask, you know, Claude to generate some more documentation so that I can understand thoroughly what this concept is. So that is how I have configured it. But at the moment, I'm a little worried as to how I will prepare because I really, really want to prepare for this interview and crack it.